Introduce 'Almost discrete' property (#821)
pi-base/data: theorems/T000574.md

---
uid: T000574
if:
  P000203: true
then:
  P000014: true
refs:
- doi: 10.1016/0166-8641(92)90123-H
  name: Almost discrete SV-spaces (Henrikson, Wilson)
---

> First, any almost discrete space is {P13}: if $A$ and $B$ are disjoint closed sets, then at most one of them, say $A$, does not contain the nonisolated point. Then $X\setminus A$ is a clopen set containing $B$, so $A$ and $B$ are separated by open sets.
> 
> Any subspace of an almost discrete space is either almost discrete or discrete and so is also normal, hence any almost discrete space is completely normal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, any almost discrete space is {P13}: if $A$ and $B$ are disjoint closed sets, then at least one of them, say $A$, does not contain the nonisolated point. Then $A$ is clopen, and thus $A$ and $B$ are separated by open sets.

A subspace of an almost discrete space is either almost discrete or discrete and so is also normal. Hence any almost discrete space is completely normal.
```
I think "at most" should have been "at least". Plus minor simplification.
